Ideas For Quiz Creation Project (Club Celestius)

General Format:
1. Login / SignUp
2. Design a Quiz by specifying the number of questions
3. Attend the Quiz
4. Result will be given after the quiz

Things to Note:

1. Are we doing a test based quiz (User answers the questions, then the score and correct answers are revealed at the end)
2. Or are we doing a quiz where correct answers and explanations are displayed after solving that one question?

Teammates' Ideas:

1. Aakash Raj S

Theme color - 2 set of colors
Light and Dark Mode - Sun and moon icon - Can be changed accordingly.
Extra feature - A quiz pin which creator knows  - can give options such as play with code for the user to enter and access the quiz.

2. Yashikha 

Option for including/excluding Negative Marking

3. Sanjanaa S

Quiz is created first by user, then user can log in again, and can choose whether he/she is playing the already existing quiz or creating a new quiz.

4. Sanjana G


Timer - Either for the quiz as a whole or time per question


Overview about our project: 

1. A single user can create their own quizzes.
2. The same user can play those quizzes later.
3. Each question carries +5 points for correct answers.
4. The app stores scores, tracks progress, and saves all created quizzes.


Inputs 

1. User info: username / email / password (if login system)
2. Quiz details: quiz title, description, category, date created
3. Questions: question text,options (A, B, C, D), correct answer
4. User answers / game session: selected answers, points scored, total score, date attempted


Outputs 

1. All quizzes 
2. Questions when playing
3. Final score 
4. History of quizzes played (with scores)
5. My profile

How Data Is Used:

1. Login/Register -> Checks users table and verifies password. If verified, creates a session
2. Play Quiz -> Shows the questions from the backend. And it records user answers in a sep table
3. Score Calculation - Comparing the answer of user with the correct answer. If correct, adds the points. If not, considered incorrect
4. Storing Results - Saving score, the answers selected, no. of attempts, dateattended etc.
5. View History (if we are using it to show progress of the user)
6. Profile Page - User Info, No. of Attempts and Average Score (& also individual scores of a particular quiz)


